like even even sheesh do you know sheesh
no is that a person or a
thing okay i'll do it once for you okay
are you ready
[Music]
awesome nice to meet you dr k
nice to meet you too what do you go by
friend
um you can call me harrison or you can
call me asian doesn't really matter
um what would you what would you prefer
um i think most people call me june june
okay
june it is then are we going to be able
to are are we doing a video interview
today june
no no no i don't usually do face gun
okay sure so then let me just make a
quick adjustment
okay um so tell me a little bit about
what you'd like to talk about today and
how i can be helpful
oh
i think i want to talk about like maybe
three topics maybe
maybe one of the three topics if we have
enough time sure
um i think one of them is like um
like opening up in in friendships
and like relationships because i feel
like um
i can make friends really easily but at
the surface level
because i feel like um if i if i think
of like really close friends right like
best friends
like people usually open up about like
super personal stuff
but then like i tend to never do that to
other people
where i talk about myself because i feel
like i don't
really have a moment where i feel like i
need to do that
because i feel like i deal with it alone
anyways
but then because i don't do that i feel
like
most friendships end up just at the
surface level
and i want to change that somehow why do
you want to change that
because i want closer friends
and what makes you want closer friends
i know it's kind of a weird question
i think having a lot of friends is
actually not as good as having a few
really close friends
so you value close friendships
have you ever had a close friend
uh yeah i like close friends from high
school
okay yeah go ahead sorry
yeah we were able to get like you know
really close but
um as time goes on you know like you
kind of drift apart right because
absolutely everyone goes different paths
so there's not that many times that you
can like
catch up with them so you meet new
friends
that are for example like if your
streamer you meet other streamer friends
and what do you think it is that makes
it hard for you to open up
hmm i just don't feel the need to
like it's just like kind of random to
just talk about personal stuff
with someone that you just met not too
long ago
yeah so that's the first thing i you
know i asked you kind of a weird
question which is like
why do you want close friends because i
think the first
the first question is is really like to
think a little bit about
you know is there is there a part of you
that wants to open up
but can't or
i know this sounds kind of weird but
like another possibility is that
you sort of know theoretically that like
people have close friends and you've had
close friends before but it's actually
not something that you actually need
right now
what do you think about that
i think that also ties into my
relationships too where
um like if you don't open up to anybody
then how are you supposed to get
emotionally attached to them right
do you want to be emotionally attached
to people
yeah i think i i'm not i'm not one to
get like super
lonely and stuff like that but i think
especially with you know the coveted
stuff
like i feel like um if i do this i might
end up single
until i'm like 40 or something okay
and are you so so i know this sounds
weird june but like
is the reason that you want to open up
to people because you want to avoid
being single
at the age of 40. no no no
why do you not the reason why okay
that's very helpful no i just feel like
it's it's just better to have
you know like let's say i do have a
moment where i do need people right
then i don't really have that moment
right now
but i know later on there's eventually
gonna be
you know moments like that where i need
someone
but then like if i never did that with
anyone then it would be kind of weird to
just like do it out of the blue right
yes but i do love listening to other
people though
okay so so i know this is going to sound
kind of weird june and maybe i'm just
missing something because i
sometimes i when i can't see people's
faces i'll like
miss play a little bit so apologies but
but
i'm hearing you sort of say a lot of
logical reasons why it's good to open up
to people
like oh like what if i need someone one
day
right so so but that's kind of
interesting because what i'm hearing
there is that i should
open up to people so if we thought to
think about like there's like what i'm
hearing from you is that you know in
your mind you're kind of saying oh it's
like
it's a good idea to open up and form
connections with people
but there's a difference between like it
being a good idea and it being something
that you want
i think i want to i think you do too but
i do see it in a logical way as well
yep so i think this is where like we've
got to get underneath the logic to try
to get
at what the wanting is because when i
ask you about your motivations
i get a logical answer does that make
sense
yeah that makes sense you see i watched
your interviews before and then you'd
always ask
why why do you what do you say that
i thought that was very interesting and
that was happening to me so cool
what i'm confused you just lost me
you're getting to the bottom of it and i
usually don't do that with myself
yeah i just thought that was really cool
so so i think that what we're seeing
here i know this sounds kind of weird
but like
so like june this is going to be weird
because like
i'm going to try to get you to open up
right but that's not
what you want to do you want to want to
open up
does that mean yeah so you want to be
someone who wants to open up
yes but you don't actually want to open
up
hmm
i think i just don't know how to like
how do how do people
get to the point where people open up
yeah totally
totally fine so we'll we'll we'll try to
get you there
okay june okay
so a big piece of this is going to be
like so what i'm when i say that you
are someone who wants to be someone
who wants to open up so like you're
striving to be someone who opens up
right because that's good and that's
healthy and you just don't know how to
so if we think about is that fair are we
on the same page now
so if we think about what keeps people
from opening up
like so it's almost like something's
holding you back
and so the the blockage is between
opening up like i don't know how to say
this but like you want to be someone who
opens up so there's something
holding you back from being what you
want to be does that make sense
so we're going to dig into that so can
you tell me about your relationships
uh like friendship was you use the word
relationships i don't know what you're
referring to there whatever you mean by
that oh
i meant like friendships and then you
know also relationships
because i feel like well
okay just to you know talk about myself
a little bit please
um like right out of high school i went
to college
and then um around the same time i
started playing this game called rust
okay so it's like a survival you know
fps kind of game
and then all i did really was you know
play that game
until like 18 to like 23.
okay so basically my entire adulthood
was playing that game and then
eventually
i made youtube videos and then i became
a youtuber and then i started streaming
and then i became streamer and only
recently where
you know i'm kind of getting burnt out
of rust so i'm like venturing out
into other games okay and then i met a
lot of like new friends
so because i made a lot of new friends i
wanna
like i like them a lot and i want to get
close with them
right but because
i don't i haven't usually done that
like i don't even i i don't like small
talk
so like even at the first step like
it's already doomed you know what i mean
what why is it tuned doomed
because i feel like if you don't even
small talk then how are you supposed to
get to the
the deep talk
okay that makes sense it makes a lot of
sense so what i'm hearing you say is
that like
generally speaking the way that
relationships progress is that you have
some amount of small
talk and then you progress to deep talk
and do you say that you don't like small
talk or are you
not good at it i'm probably not good at
it
okay where do you get that idea
hmm i just don't know what to say when
we're talking about like
surface level stuff do you know what to
say when you're talking about deep level
stuff
i think so i'm really good at like
listening to other people
talk about deep stuff but then when
someone asks me
it's like i don't really know what to
say because let's say like someone's
talking about like super emotional stuff
right and then they ask me
like was there a very like emotional
moment for you
or like that i don't really know what to
say because it's not really about like
i think this also ties to my other topic
that i will talk about with you
um i feel like i'm too emotionally
moderate
and what i mean by that is like i never
get like super depressed
but also i don't get super happy either
okay so like there's not that many like
moments of
vulnerability that i can really talk
about with people
yeah do you think that that's a problem
um i think if i don't
talk about stuff like that with people
then
it's not really like a two-way thing
right
and you want it to be a two-way thing
yeah okay
can i think for a second june yes
can you tell me about your friends from
high school
um well we're all gamers we actually met
uh playing league of legends together
and uh they're all very smart
so basically i'll like sit with them and
then the teacher will think that i'm
super smart too
so are you not super one of them uh
i would say i'm above average but i'm
not smart as them
definitely not supported them okay
all right so t you would sit with them
and then the teachers would think you
were super smart
[Laughter]
what was that like oh that was great
so like in english clash class um
i sat next to the smartest
kid in my school which is my best friend
and then the second smartest
so the english teacher was like yo this
guy must be smart he must be like third
smartest or something
so even though i write like
yeah maybe like uh 86 level
she still gave me like a 95 level great
hmm i'm confused by that
so like no because she has like a
pre-conception of what i will be like
so like whatever she reads that i write
it was it was
better than what it was
okay so you're saying that she had a
cognitive bias that caused her to
inflate the value of your work
yes okay so let me ask you a question
okay because you're a super
logical dude in above average
intelligence
so how would we know if you are a person
who
gets the benefit of a cognitive bias
from a teacher
or you're misjudging your own skill
because of a cognitive bias on your part
[Music]
how do we know if the paper is really in
95 and that you believe you're
you deserve an 86 which is incorrect
or whether your paper is an 86 and you
actually deserve it
and it gets inflated to a 95.
hmm i wouldn't know that
i think i do that a lot though i think
you do too
tell me tell me other other ways that
you do that
so for example if i want to get like
really good at something
i would look at people that
are really good at that specific thing
so for example
let's say it's like gaming right then
if i want to be really good at the game
i would look at the very best
the very best in the game and then i
would constantly like
try to strive to get there
and then i would just always assume that
i'm always like under
yeah i think that's a good and bad thing
say more gene i'd agree 100 explain that
to us please
because i think that always like keeps
like a fire underneath you
to keep going but then um
you wouldn't really have like
satisfaction
of getting somewhere because you're
always under that
level that you want to get to see that's
another thing
um i think i really hate the feeling of
like being mediocre
yep you and me both
because
because like ever since high school i
tried a lot of things right so in high
school i tried like
well i still sing like for fun
but i really like singing i really like
dancing
like basketball like i like gaming
obviously
um but i felt like i was like never the
best at something i was maybe like
number two or like number three
like above average is number two or
number three above average
i mean i guess technically the answer is
yes but i don't think about number two
or number three like i wouldn't
you know like if i think about the
silver medalist at the olympics
i hope like when i think about that
person i'd
the the words above average is not what
comes to mind
um but then i think how i was
looking at it was like maybe i'm number
two in this school
but then like i'll be like oh okay the
number one in my school
is this guy but then that guy is like
number
500 million in the world
sure so
june how can you tell me about like
where like what growing up was like for
you
um in what way
like where did you grow up what who
lived with you at home
oh i lived in vancouver i grew up here
i'm korean um so basically
i learned korean first and then learned
english
i have both my parents living with me
even until now
i have one older brother one older
sister
and they're much older than me so i
always play like diablo 2
and play the same games that they've
played
and and i think yeah go ahead
i think it was a it was a good childhood
i can't really think of any like traumas
sure i don't i don't have anything like
super bad i can think of like a time
where i was like super sad
yeah that's what i mean by
being too emotionally moderate
like i don't really like take things too
seriously so i feel like there's no
real significant highlight of my life
yet
which kind of feels empty sometimes
can i think for a second june for sure
let me just think okay
did your did you
compare yourself a lot to other people
when you were young or did your parents
like sort of compare you to other people
when you were young
um i think i just did that
myself a lot my parents don't really do
that
do you have a sense of of how you
started doing that
when i see like a good quality in people
like
i want to
[Music]
try to do the same so i would see that
quality in my
my brother or my sister or maybe my
classmates
or maybe like someone older than me or
something i see on tv or whatever
so and and i know this sounds kind of
weird but like
uh so i'm getting a sense that you
strive to be more than you are
it's always about moving forward
no no
hmm always striving to move forward
and the things that i'm passionate about
not in like life
or my career wise but if i
really like gaming for example i'm gonna
always strive to be better
yeah okay so so what i'm hearing you say
is that it's true for the things that
you're passionate about but not like
every random thing yeah okay
and so i have a weird question june what
do you
like are you good enough
i think i'm good enough
if you're good enough
what makes you want to be better
because it doesn't give me satisfaction
then why do you think you're good enough
well i think being good enough doesn't
necessarily mean that it's going to give
you satisfaction
what does give you satisfaction
hmm
i think more than like career like
milestones just like having fun
with friends probably because i remember
like
distinctly like i so within the russ
community
i made like three tournaments last year
called uh trust and rust
it's like where we uh brought all the
people from the russ community together
all the creators all the streamers all
the youtubers and then we
did like a huge event and then we raised
over like i think
200 000 in that year
but then like when i was done i was like
oh
wow that was great but then that that
feeling was more like relief oh it's
it's over
but i wasn't really like super satisfied
but then when i play video games
with friends and it was like a really
fun night i feel like i get more
satisfaction from that
than something like doing something
really cool
like if you think logically raising all
that money for charity and like helping
all those people is awesome right
but didn't really give me that much
satisfaction
okay so june um i'm noticing a couple of
disconnects which which i probably need
to like try to understand you a little
bit better here
um so on the one hand you're kind of
telling me that like you always are
looking at number one right and
and you kind of recognize that that's
like adaptive because it sort of like
keeps the fire going and keeps you
improving
and so i i'm sort of i think we're
running into a couple of different like
conflicts because i think if i ask you
are you good enough
i wonder if i'm getting a logical answer
but like
you know there's a part of me that sort
of gets the sense that you're striving
to be number one
and until you're number one you're not
going to be like good enough or
satisfied
what do you think about that
yeah i think you're right i think um
good enough is like more like
a logical answer yes yeah so so like if
i like because
because like you said like you know
you're not like you don't have like
super low self-esteem or anything so
like you think you're like a decent dude
right you're above average just a cut
above mediocre
why is that funny
sorry no i think it's
i think we hit a nerve there
[Music]
now i think a lot of people would be
satisfied if
they were above average but even if we
even if i do like something really cool
i just
i don't know there's like
i think it just stems back to like
emotionally moderate
i so i i agree so we'll get to so first
of all june i want to commend you bro
like you've done a really good job of
tying together i think a lot of things
that
feel like that can seem really far apart
but i really do think
have a shared root so i think the
emotional moderation
the inability to open up all of this
talk about like
you know being like never the smartest
kid in the class
and essentially like a bias that causes
you to devalue where you are
and and like what i mean by that is like
you know you're getting 95s and
you're friends with the two smartest
kids in the class but you sort of don't
think you're
of yourself okay maybe i'm the third
smartest kid and i think if we
if we look at like how that works it's
because your mind
will find some the second that you start
to get towards the top
what does your mind do
i know it's kind of like a really weird
abstract like open-ended question
so i'm just going to toss it out and
then i'll give you like an answer
but i'm curious if you're kind of can
read my mind there for a second
right so like like we kind of we kind of
heard you say like
okay even if i think about the number
one in my high school like
what is that number one compared to the
rest of the world
so like your mind plays this your mind
plays this game of constantly moving
goal posts
yeah i think so right so even if you
rise to the top like what does your mind
do
does it let you say good job june you're
number one
no it doesn't do that what does it do
move the goal post absolutely
right so you're on this like treadmill
and no matter how far
you move forward like you're never going
to be satisfied
what do you think about it i'm trying to
find ways to get that satisfaction
yeah well so that's because like so
you're so you're someone who's like
walking on a treadmill instead of
walking on a path and then you're asking
me
how do i get to the end of the road
right where i think the problem is that
like as long as you're on a treadmill
it'll never end
that's true so like even if you figure
out what the treadmill is
and what the path is yeah so i think the
treadmill is that your mind continuously
compare
like so as soon as you get like even if
you became the biggest rust
youtuber then your mind is like okay but
what about the biggest
rust streamer and then if you become the
biggest streamer then it's like
oh but they're people who play other
games who are bigger than i am
and then you start comparing yourself to
them
um so what i'm hearing from you is you
don't think that way in like career-wise
though
do you feel satisfied in your career
um i feel like right now
because i don't have a game that i enjoy
like if i'm not passionate about
something i don't really have that drive
like right now i don't have that drive
yeah so let let me
toss something back at you okay so you
said that like if i have a fun
night with my friends then i feel
satisfied
yeah like i go to bed like satisfied oh
that was a good day yep yep and so
what goal post did you hit by having a
good night with your friends
[Music]
like are you thinking about being number
one
no right so this is like an important
thing to understand that satisfaction
doesn't come from hitting the end of the
road
it comes from not walking on the road
but the second you have a goal post and
especially if you move the goal post
you're never going to be satisfied
because we've seen moments where you
have been satisfied but i think i know
this sounds kind of like now we get to
some of those generic
you know yoga calendar stuff but i think
like in those moments you're like
living in the present you're like today
i'm gonna play with my friends and we're
gonna do some cool stuff
and like then you can feel satisfied but
when you start living in the future when
you start living towards
goals when you start like thinking about
becoming something your mind won't let
you be satisfied because like no matter
how good you do
it's gonna advance the goal posts
[Music]
what do you think about that
yeah i think just like
probably finding other ways
to get satisfaction like whether that's
like you know building friendships or i
think one thing
that did help me recently is
like having another avenue where i feel
like i'm always making progress
so like that could be like going to the
gym or something
yeah so i think so even if my goal post
is still there on somewhere else i feel
like i'm still moving on a different
path
yeah so june now we get to something
really hard okay like this is probably
gonna be like
really challenging because i think
you're so
um you've come
to rely on this part of yourself so much
as a cornerstone of your success
i think it's going to be really hard to
let it go but like
you know if you are progressing
progress can't come without
dissatisfaction does that make sense
like you're always striving to be more
but like if you're striving to be more
if you want to be better that means that
you're not
happy with where you are
does that make sense that makes sense
so like i think there's this weird thing
going on where like
what you use to motivate you
dooms you to be unsatisfied
because it's never enough right like you
need to see the progress to feel good
about yourself
but that progress implies that like
you're
not good enough because you need to be
better
and if you need to be better then like
you're not good enough like those two
come hand in hand
does that make sense that makes sense
okay so then like and this is where i
think we see this like fundamental idea
that you have that you're not
good enough play out in the school
english teacher example
because if you believe you're not good
enough
and you get a 95 what does your mind
conclude
about why you got the 95
was it because you did a good job
because i sat next to two two kids there
you go right so like it's weird because
your mind
starts from the foundation of like
i'm not good enough so even when life
tells you like hey man you did a great
job
you're like uh no it's actually a
cognitive bias
because of where i sit in a classroom
my score is nine points higher than
where it deserves to be
like just think about that for a second
bro
[Music]
like i'm sure that teachers have
cognitive biases but usually those
cognitive biases
have to do with people who kiss their
ass not like where they sit in the
classroom
that's true and they usually don't have
like a
nine point swing unless you really are
like you know stuff in your nose way up
there
[Laughter]
right okay i definitely didn't do that
yeah so
it's it's interesting right
and so now we get to opening up because
like i i know this sounds kind of weird
but like
if you open up to people like what do
you think they'll see
um the vulnerable side
yeah but what is in the vulnerable side
what is in the vulnerable side yeah so
this is where i'm going to try to help
you out okay
so like i'm going to give you a
hypothesis whereas like i think that
sometimes the reason that we have
difficulty
opening up is because we believe that
what is on the
inside is ugly
like that's the biggest reason to not be
vulnerable because
you don't want to show people like
what's ugly
right like you can think about people
who like are self-conscious about going
to the beach because of
the body that is underneath their
clothes like who's self-conscious about
going to the beach it's like people who
are like
embarrassed to have you know
like a flabby stomach or whatever
and so like like the people who hesitate
to be vulnerable
are the ones that have something to hide
does that make sense that makes a lot of
sense
but if i try to think like what
things i can talk about
i don't i don't really know i'm trying
to think like am i am i hiding something
because i'm trying to like you know
listen to what you're saying right but
i don't know if i have have that
yep i make sense i i think that it's it
seems
it seems very inaccessible to me talking
to you
so we'll get to that in a second but
something that i
i want you to kind of play around with
is like
you know i suspect june that you know i
mean
i don't know this could be wrong but
like i think there's this weird like
complex of like
not being good enough which strives you
to be better so you love it
but that also means that like you never
view yourself as good enough
and if you never view yourself as good
enough like it can be hard to open up to
people because like what are you
displaying to them
like what do you want to show the world
like what do you want people to see you
as jun
just a fun guy to be around yeah and so
if you start telling people like
and what are you
i think i think i'm a fun guy to be
around okay
right so i think this is where if you
want to be a fun guy to be around like
and you start
sharing your vulnerabilities with them
like what are you then
[Music]
fun friend i don't think so man
right because i don't think you're fun
anymore
so now we get to like a couple of
interesting questions these are shots in
the dark okay
so on the one hand like maybe we're just
digging like i don't really know
the first question is have you ever
opened up to someone
and like been hurt by it
have i opened up to someone and been
hurt by it yeah
um
and specifically like we can even like i
can ask you very specifically like has
there been a case where
you felt like someone pulled away from
you because you showed them
a side of june that is not fun and fun
to be around
that's the thing i don't think i've done
that yet okay that's totally fine
so other option is have you been on the
receiving end of that
where have there been sort of situations
where like people have opened up to you
or and then like you've sort of seen or
you
yourself have withdrawn from someone
because they show you a part of them i
know you're a really good listener so
this is probably unlikely but have there
been situations where like
you kind of pulled back or you saw other
people pull back from someone who's
vulnerable
i think i've seen other people that like
told me vulnerable things and then
pulled back themselves because they
you know kind of exposed that and maybe
they thought
that i would think differently of them
or whatever
yeah but how and what ended up happening
there so they pulled back and did you
let them or
um i think it's slowly kind of like
drifted apart probably
june i feel like we're missing something
what do you think
i think
um i think it's um
i think we're focusing too much on like
not being good enough part
because i don't that's not my main issue
okay so what should we be focusing on
instead and what's your main issue
that's very helpful feedback by the way
thank you
trying to think as well
i think in terms of like friendships and
relationships
i think like for example let's say
in high school i was probably
afraid to start a relationship because
if i did i was scared of the
aftermath because i hate conflict
so i hate the awkwardness
and i feel like um in the friendships
things too if i open up
and if someone else opens up and then
they felt uncomfortable with that
then there's the awkwardness as well
okay what do you what help help me
understand what you hate about the
awkwardness
[Music]
um
you know like the awkwardness when you
let's say date someone
and then like you're in the front same
friend group
or or whatever
and then there's like that tension there
as well like if you didn't date
it wouldn't be awkward for anyone
involved
so you're trying to protect people or
yourself from the awkwardness
yeah i think for myself yeah so june do
you mind if i
you don't have to answer this so i'm
gonna ask a pretty specific personal
question are you
in a relationship right now no
have you been in a relationship that's
serious before
um not a serious one can you tell me
about
a relationship that you have been in
uh yeah it's quite a long time ago
though
yeah tell me about it
um it was more of like
the girl liked me so i was like oh a
cute girl likes me so you know i got
into the relationship
um but then i think i learned from that
relationship that
you shouldn't really like get into a
relationship just because you're lonely
and the other person is lonely and then
you know you have less like infatuation
because like the aftermath is like oh i
don't want to see that person anymore
oh i don't want to see their like
friends anymore either
so i feel like just makes everything
like kind of uncomfortable
okay so what happens in a relationship
um it's mostly like just too different
yeah so so that's maybe why the
relationship kind of
ended but can you help me understand
like what it looked like from the
outside or what the sequence of sort of
events were
well i was like super young i was like
14 so
relationship since then no
how do you feel about that
[Music]
i don't really have strong like super
strong feelings about it but i do feel
like i'm missing out
because because i focus so much on like
rust like from my 18 to like 23
like i didn't really travel that much i
didn't really live life
i didn't really date didn't really go
outside so
i do feel like i'm missing out and maybe
that's like
part of the reason why i'm not satisfied
with all the other things
because i'm only focused on one thing
okay
so when you say missing out how does
that feel
missing out how does that feel
if that question is hard for you i can
ask it a different way
sure do you ever think about what the
consequences of missing out are
you don't know what it's like what does
that mean for you going forward
makes me curious really
that's why i want to travel more once um
it gets better with covert and stuff
june do you ever feel like what i was
expecting to hear was something along
the lines of actually like being a
little bit afraid that like once you've
missed out like it's really hard
because like now like everyone's kind of
past you
right and so if you try to like date
someone
sometimes people will feel like oh like
she's gonna be more experienced than i
am and like i'm not
really gonna be sure like it'll be
awkward
do you ever have thoughts like that
not really interesting okay
see i think i know what kind of
questions you're asking and i know
i know the answers that could be said
but like
it's i don't know it's just not like
that for me
yep and i know i know i know people can
be like oh he's just hiding it but like
i don't my my feeling of the
satisfaction is that
it's it's that i don't really feel those
things and that's what makes it feel
empty
yeah so it looks like what we're coming
back to
so i'm i'm really happy you said that
june because i i don't think that just
because
you know so like we can it's just as
important to close off the wrong paths
as it is to find the right one
so in medicine you know we have this
concept called differential diagnosis
and like you know if someone has a fever
like maybe it's the flu maybe it's
coveted maybe it's
you know strep throat maybe it's
lymphoma
or lupus and sometimes in medicine we
have to order tests
not to necessarily find the right
diagnosis
but we'll order a test to make sure it
isn't lymphoma
in order test to make sure it isn't
lupus and so we can almost use like a
process of elimination approach
and so i think i think part of what
we're doing here today is sort of a
process of elimination approach
what do you think yeah i had a tough
time answering those questions actually
yep and if you think about it it's like
really simple questions
why do you think you have a tough time
answering them
because i think if you ask like like how
do you feel about that right
it's like
that's the thing i didn't really feel
anything about that yep
and so i feel like i feel like that
would be like a
super mundane answer
but then like if i said anything else it
would be it'll be a lie
yep and so how do you feel about giving
me on dana
mundane answers hey you know what i
think i think i tied this together
huh because because i don't have
experiences like that
i feel like that's why i can't open up
because i don't want to i don't want to
give boring answers
okay okay yeah so
you feel like the answers that you give
when you open up aren't going to be good
enough
they'll be boring no i'm i'm being
completely honest right now like i'm not
trying to like
i'm making sure honestly i'm talking i'm
talking about other people though
right because you say that like if i
offer what's on the inside
it's gonna feel bland to people
yes right so like i'm just noticing
an interesting theme like sure i get
that it's bland
and i'm not i i know i i get the sense
you're being authentic with me i don't
think you're trying to like you know
hide i don't i genuinely don't think
you're hiding but at the same time i do
notice that there's sort of like a theme
that like what you have to give isn't
good enough
yeah that could be a thing so then let
me ask you this like
so let's go let's go to the emotional
moderation then
so you you don't feel things quite as
intensely as other people feel them
and i'm very jealous of that so like if
people are like
super sad about something or like if
someone's super ecstatic about something
like i see that i'm like i wish i had
that
um have you ever felt
super sad or excited about something
i think i probably have but like in
hindsight if i look back to it
i think i always like downplay it
so like during the moment i was probably
super excited but then like if i look
back like two years later
i'd be like oh it wasn't that good
so i don't remember that feeling as
intensely as i probably had it when it
happened
so like if i try to look back right now
like i can't really recall
any specific moment to tell you
um do you ever let me just think about
this
okay so june here's so i know this may
be like a little bit
unsatisfying but i'm gonna like toss out
like a possibility okay so have you ever
heard of this term alexithymia
no so alexithymia is a condition
in which you are not aware of what your
internal emotions are
so it's almost like you're colorblind to
emotion
so lexithymi is very common um
in like three populations so like
you know a lot of like asians are alexa
thymic
um indians too uh
men and gamers so if you think about
like the culture that you grew up in
what was like was there a lot of emotion
expressed in your household growing up
no did your parents tell you that they
loved you
i think no okay i could see that i mean
they
are great parents yep and i could feel
the love
but we never verbally said it and i
think
at when i was like around 17
i think i had a feeling where i was like
why is my family not
like the ones i see in movies like
the ones you see in movies are like
saying oh i love you and like
doing like all this affectionate stuff
but then i realized
that like part of the problem is not
just my parents
it's also me i was also afraid to say i
love you
like i would say like i love you too
like girls like that i didn't even
[ __ ] care about
when i was younger but then i was so
scared to say that to my mom
right so i think starting from then
i did start saying it to my mom and dad
and then we are pretty regularly saying
that now
what made you scared to say that to your
mom and dad
it's embarrassing it was embarrassing at
first
what's embarrassing about it
well i think growing up and not doing
that kind of stuff and then all of a
sudden doing it
when you're an angsty teenager i think
that's pretty
um you're like going to put in a
pretty vulnerable place i think
and what if i say that what if i say
that and then you know
the response is like oh why are you
saying that
or whatever
and and i'm curious is is that
so we're talking about vulnerability and
how people may respond to it
um you know but it sounds like you've
never been in a situation where you have
opened up to someone so it sounds like
you were actually vulnerable with your
parents like you went on a limb
and you said i love you and they said i
love you too you're great june
yes yeah so
i feel like that's significant and
relates to our conversation but i'm not
quite sure how
what do you think
i think i think something's clicking
i think um just like
can't really expect other people to be
vulnerable with me if i don't take the
initiative
to be vulnerable with them as well sure
because that's like saying i love you to
your mom or that's like i don't know
sharing like something
emotional with your friends
what would you share
i don't know that's what i'm
trying to figure out yeah so i i feel
like that's
i feel like something clicked for me
there too i don't know exactly what it
is but it certainly has the themes of
vulnerability
going out on a limb being accepted
you know and i think this is where when
i when we talk about culture so i think
that like
like so you know june it sounds like
you're good at singing sounds like
you're good at dancing sounds like
you're good at basketball it sounds like
you're really good at rust
and so when it comes to understanding
our emotions that's a skill too
right so like we we can be just like you
can train your palate
or train your eyesight or train your you
know your reflexes
your hand-eye coordination your ability
to like get the
ball in the basket you can also train
yourself to understand
what you feel on the inside and there
are a couple of different things that i
think could be going on so i'm going to
go like academic for a second
and let's like forget yeah because
because i'll ask you lots of questions
about how you feel about stuff and
you'll
you generally give me umbrella terms so
you'll say like
uncomfortable or awkward but like
what is awkward right so like usually
awkwardness is an umbrella term
that like means something like fear of
judgment
for feeling guilty for making like
destroying your friend group
right so when i think about like the
actual emotions
that people are feeling if you date
someone in your friend group and then
y'all
break up there's actually a whole
constellation of feelings there
that we call awkward because we don't
know how to
define what they are okay i i gotta know
right so like
let's just think through what people
could be feeling the first is you guys
go to a party
and then like all of your friend group
is there or maybe
even before the party starts it's like
people are texting each other
and then you feel guilty because like
people don't know like who to text
it's supposed to be fun but now that you
and your girlfriend broke up
the entire group like can't have fun
anymore
so maybe you feel guilty yes
right but like guilty yeah but it's
weird because like you don't
like we don't put words to that or maybe
you feel ashamed
like maybe you feel like you know she
has some friends in the friend group
that are closer to her than
closer to you and as she's crying every
day
like she's gonna make you look bad
because the friends are gonna think oh
you're an [ __ ]
and so then like maybe you feel a little
like you that can create all kinds of
feelings maybe you feel a little bit
shamed ashamed for hurting her
maybe you feel a little bit like angry
because
she's talking [ __ ] about you and like
since those are her friends better like
they're gonna start thinking less of you
and you don't deserve that
[Music]
does that make sense that people could
kind of feel that way
yeah that makes a lot of sense because i
for me i was like oh awkward okay that
encapsulates what i feel really well but
now that you like
break it down i can see what you mean
that right so so and
and then there's like they're even all
like all kinds of kinds of other layers
like
what if you're crushing a little bit on
someone else in the friend group
and so like what's gonna happen there
now that you broke up with this person
or like what if one of your friends is
crushing on her
and now you broke up with her and now
you've like that's complex
it's very complex yeah i
i don't like that at all okay
so now i hate conflict of any kind okay
so now we're getting somewhere so the
first thing is like
what do you hate about conflict
i just don't want to have any bad blood
with anyone why
why i want all my interactions to be
positive
yeah so that's why you're not going to
open up to anyone
hmm maybe that's it right because you
gotta like
here's the thing like so here's the
thing june so when it comes to alexa
thymia
what happens so this is what happens is
like so culturally we're like taught to
sort of suppress emotions so we don't
like
understand what they are so we use these
terms like awkward right
fine secondly when you play a lot of
video games like literally
video games will shut off like i was
just talking about this i can't believe
this
but video games will shut off your
amygdala
which is like the part of your brain
that experiences emotions
yeah right absolutely right so like rust
is like
so so then what's happening is you've
got like you know eight hours a day or
whatever where you're like playing rust
and so what you're doing is you're like
switching off this emotional circuitry
so it starts to get rusty
and then on top of it it sounds like
you're a dude
and so like generally speaking
especially like like culturally
in most cultures that like you know
women
will emotionally express things to each
other
in a platonic way but as men
like you know like like it's weird we
use like the language of body
right so like if i get like dumped by my
girlfriend
or if i break up with my girlfriend i'm
not gonna come to you and say
hey june i feel really bad about myself
and then you're gonna say like yeah man
sucks bro and then i'm not gonna say
like
yeah i'm now afraid i'm now afraid that
i will never be able to find love again
and that there's something fundamentally
broken in me because i couldn't make
this relationship work
that's so true right what i'm gonna say
you're gonna be like sucks bro and i'm
like yeah man i'm gonna be like yeah it
feels like she tore my nut sack off
and you're like yeah man i know exactly
what you're talking about
yeah i see i see girls do that a lot
like like being like super
like open with each other and you know
being like very descriptive with their
words and like
you know actually explaining their
emotions well i i i'm really jealous of
that
because like if i try to uh like when
you ask me
about my emotions like i had no idea
what to say yeah
yep so so so i think that like the first
problem here is alexa thymia
because when i point it out to you right
so like so
even if we pay attention i don't know if
this makes sense june but how are you
feeling emotionally right now
right now yeah um
so i i'm not actually i'm not gonna feel
like it's getting getting more clear
yes okay so that's but that's not an
emotion
oh man right it's an emotion yeah yeah
it's it's okay it's okay
don't get frustrated so like what is
what is the energy of the conversation
now
what's the energy it's a little bit more
comfortable yep right so like there's a
change in the tone of your voice
you're laughing
right whereas like before it clicked
yeah before it's like
hmm because i couldn't really think of
like what to say
right so so what's happening how to
describe what i was thinking
totally fine so like as we get closer to
the truth
some kind of emotion is going to come up
and like it doesn't matter what it is
it's like in what we're hearing you do
is laughing like i can
hear the animation in your voice
and there's the hmm
i can't help it yeah that's fine you
don't need to help it like we're we're
here to help it right it's it's totally
fine
you do you baby so
so like it and that's where like okay so
because now as i as i explain these
emotions to you like
you know i know this sounds kind of
weird jun sometimes i say things that
sound so basic they sound idiotic but
when i point these possibilities out to
you you
understand exactly right so like but
you can't understand when i point it out
unless on some level you know
if you truly did not feel those things
and i said oh like maybe this person is
feeling this you'd be like scratching
your head you'll be like
yeah i can sort of see that does that
make sense
yeah but you're like yes yes i can
i can understand all those things i'm
conflict-avoided like you call it
conflict avoid it because that's what it
looks like from the outside or that's
the surface level
way that you describe it but really what
it is is like i can't tolerate people
disliking me
[Music]
right and so if we think about you know
why can't you tolerate people disliking
you like
there's an emotion there that could be
fear
i'm afraid i can't i can't tolerate
people that i like disliking me
yeah that's what scares me if someone
random
internet stranger didn't like me i
wouldn't care at all
absolutely so now my family or my
friends or
let's say like my community then i'll be
like oh
there must be something i did wrong and
that would bother me a lot
so so now we get to so there's origins
to that but before we go there like now
we get to the vulnerability
so anytime you have a surface level
relationship with someone
and you be vulnerable with them what are
the possible
outcomes of that vulnerability
[Music]
you wouldn't talk to them anymore
possibly right it either strengthens the
relationship
or shatters the relationship yeah
and so like i can sort of see like why
you may feel
like i imagine that you almost feel
paralyzed in these relationships like
you're kind of stuck
at the surface level
and and i think if you really look into
that one of the possibilities is that
like
you don't know how to make sure that
when you vulnerably express something
that it's going to advance the
relationship forward
yeah i have no clue you don't know how
to say something that
won't make things awkward
not awkward like i can i can
so it's not i can't i can't talk about
like personal stuff without making it
awkward that's what i mean yeah so so
you don't know like you can talk about
surface level stuff but like it's your
avoidant like you don't want to make
things awkward right june
like scale of one to ten with friends of
yours
ten being is absolutely terrible one
being is no big deal
how much do you want to avoid
awkwardness
so they're not on any awkwardness right
so like
and now this is like the crux of it
because if you're
like you don't know how to be vulnerable
with someone without making it awkward
and so you're avoiding awkwardness at
all costs the
er ergo like you can't be vulnerable
with anyone
and so the challenge here is it comes
down to control june
like the whole point about advancing a
relationship i know this sounds weird
and it's gonna sound terrifying
and if you're trying to figure out how
you feel when i'm about to say what i'm
gonna say
the answer is terror when you are
vulnerable with someone
you are opening the door to awkwardness
you are seeding control of the
relationship and it could rupture
how does that make you feel
very afraid there it is and so now we
see why you can't open up because that's
the whole point about vulnerability
right it's like
i'm gonna let like vulnerability is like
like literally the word means
i'm going to let give you the
opportunity to hurt me
and right now you control your [ __ ]
charismatic guy aren't you june
you're so good at making friends you are
so good at getting people to like you
you can show this shell to people and
you can like man
everyone when they meet june within 15
minutes look at this chad
okay dancer
you're gassing me up a little bit too
much right no but like come on bro like
tell me i'm wrong tell me if i if i met
you in real life in 20 minutes
would i like you
uh maybe i think the answer is yes
right look at [ __ ] look at how humble
you are i hope so
how how down to earth is this guy right
like he's not an arrogant prick he's
just like so
like how is that not the perfect
response
like just think about it right it's
perfect i hope you like me man
like i'm confident in myself and i hope
you can appreciate that
but you don't say no because you don't
have [ __ ] low self-esteem and you
don't say yes because you're not an
arrogant prick
it's so perfect it's so [ __ ] silky
smooth man like teflon right here
wd-40
oh man because people do like you right
june
uh i like to think so yeah yeah well
it's still so humble
right like it you can state it without
being arrogant like i think you're
you're probably charismatic
and like now the problem though is that
like that
shell which you have which makes people
like you
is something that you have to discard
and you have to make
like risk making things awkward if you
want to advance the relationship
[Music]
and like you know when it comes to girls
i don't know if like the reason that you
i mean i'm assuming that you're
heterosexual because it sounded like you
were talking about a girlfriend but
yeah um you know like
i mean i don't know if it's like because
you've become a big youtuber and
streamer that you don't really have
opportunities to engage in relationships
or
there like have been girls that you've
been interested in
and like something has kept you
from like asking them out
yeah i've actually never asked someone
out before
okay so like here we go baby so like
when you think about asking someone out
what are you afraid of right i'm like
it's like golden word
is awkward there it is right there it is
again
and so like what like but awkward it's
not a thing
right it's just like it's like it's not
a thing
it's yeah it's an umbrella term like i
get that it makes things awkward but
like what is the awkwardness that you're
trying to avoid is it like
oh we're kind of friends right now and i
don't want to screw that like what is
like
it's it's there jude like don't like you
may not be able to find it but like
i don't even know if we're gonna find it
today but it's there right what like
when you
i guess i'm gonna have to guess because
i don't know if you can find it but like
so there's this girl like so tell me
about it like can you do you feel okay
talking about a girl or is that too
awkward
no i can talk i can talk so like talk to
me about a girl that you liked
okay i think there's only like two girls
that i actually seriously liked
and it's mostly people that were
what i was super interested at the time
and they were what i considered like
like the most passionate about it
i think i think passion is a big thing
so like passion's a big turn on for you
yes so one of them was like a martial
art right and they would always like
work super
hard so like i would first get that
attention and then it's like admiration
oh
wow this person's working so hard like
i'll work as hard as them and then it
turns into infatuation
so it sounds like what do you mean by
infatuation
well you admire them as people first and
then
and then you start liking them okay
and so and so like what did you want to
like and that you thought about asking
her out
um
the first girl actually did like me back
but then i don't know i just like
it was kind of gone the second girl was
like in dance
and it was like the same thing like she
was like super good at dance and i was
like
wow like she was super passionate about
it
and then i liked her like as a person
and as like a dancer
and then i wanted to be i wanted to be
like them and then
i started liking them afterwards and
then what happened
the two are kind of different because
the first one
i kind of did say wait i didn't really
ask her out but
we kind of figured out that we liked
each other but then
it kind of fizzled out so i don't really
have much to say about that
what do you mean by it kind of fizzled
out
i think i just lost interest
okay so june i want to just like point
out to you what i'm seeing okay like
let me know if you feel judged but like
i'm seeing like blind spots
in this conversation
right so it's it's like you can trust me
i do too yeah yeah yeah yeah
so it seems really weird but that's just
how it was yeah yeah no i i understand
so i think what we've got to do is like
increase your like ability to detect
right so like
like here's this girl you're infatuated
with her
you respect her as a human being like
how are you not just like the perfect
boyfriend jun
like you respect her as a human first
and then like you like you you like her
you guys like each other
and then it fizzles out it's like that
sounds like lost interest
maybe maybe it was because like if i if
i really try to think about it
i think um
because i saw her in like such a
positive light at first
like once i got to know her maybe she
wasn't what i expected
and then it fizzled out is that the case
i think that was the case for the first
one okay what about the second one
the second one i never really made a
move
what kept you from making a move
probably just insecurity what does that
mean
because i like regarded her so highly i
just didn't think
that i'll be good enough
i'm sorry have we talked about that
before you not being good enough
right so so now it's interesting because
like you know were you afraid that
things would get awkward if you asked
her out
um yeah because i enjoyed our company
like
even without dating but then if i
cross that line that would be gone too
yep
so so that's the thing right so like
remember like so this is why i think
your relationship state okay so june
this is tying together for me now okay
may not tie together for you but it's
seeming like we're kind of hitting these
same notes like over and over and over
again
i don't know if it's because i'm making
like i'm drawing a constellation out of
stars
and there really isn't like a horse in
the sky it's just stars
it's all over the place there's no
there's no image with my constellation
so maybe it's just me over interpreting
because that's a bias of people in my
profession
is we like to come we like to listen to
human beings and reduce them to simple
patterns that we can divine
out of our psychiatric brilliance so i
could be falling into that trap
but i really don't think so so here's
what i'm hearing from you okay so the
first thing is that like
you like this person and then like the
problem is that like
at some point to advance the
relationship you've got to take a risk
right like and this is where like stuff
comes together so there's this girl
she's in dance like you respect her
because she puts in the work like you
put in the work it's something that you
pride very heavily about yourself
you may not be the smartest kid in the
bunch you may not be the gold medalist
but god damn it you're gonna at least
get a bronze because like
you can progress like you can put in the
work and you can put in the time
and here she is she's into dance she's
probably in shape
she's relatively hot and then like you
know so
you're like you're into her and you guys
are friends because you're
charismatic and you're a likable guy
and then probably what happened is like
a couple of things maybe you felt her
out a little bit right like
you kind of put out some signals like
hey but like you never were
too transparent about it because like
you said with the first girl like you're
pretty good at like sussing things out
but you're never gonna ask directly
you're never gonna make anything awkward
right
you're never gonna put her in the place
of like hey i'm really into you like are
you interested in going out
because oh my god that would be so
awkward what if she says no
and so now the problem is that like
there's this is where things really
start to like come together
in this terrible storm because if you're
insecure about yourself
that makes it even harder for you to
risk if you were secure if you were good
enough
then you'd be okay rolling the dice
because then it's i know it sounds weird
june but it's not even rolling the dice
at that point right
like the risk is low the more confident
you are in yourself
yeah and so you strive for progress
and you strive to be the gold medalist
because if you're the gold medalist
then you can roll the dice and it won't
matter
because you're so good like you you know
that people will accept you
even though that's not true like i know
it's not true you know it's not true but
it's like this kind of like clicks
together
in this weird way because you're always
striving to be better always striving to
be better always striving to be better
and then
one day if you're good enough then you
can ask someone out and then there's no
risk
does that make sense yeah
but now the problem is that like even
with your relationships the very nature
of asking someone out
is that it is a risk the very nature of
deepening
deeping deepening a relationship is that
it involves vulnerability
yeah and you try so hard to control your
relationships
to keep them perfect you want no
you don't want anyone that you care
about to dislike you
at all and that's sort of like it's kind
of like
bro if i'm like never willing to get
into the ring
and take a couple of punches like i'm
never going to be able to play the game
you know like i mean it sounded like you
played league of legends i'm not too
familiar with russ i mean i know it's
like a cooperative survival mmo kind of
thing
right let's look at the common ground as
league of legends i played that game a
lot so it's like it's like if i'm afraid
of losing
and i never queue up from league like
that's what i hear you
saying to me that like i don't know how
to queue up for a game of league because
you're so terrified about like losing
and it's like
it's just part of the game
yeah that actually gave me a lot of
insight what you just said
because i actually never thought about
it but i do
i do wait until everything's perfect if
i want to do something big
yeah then wait until it's perfect
because i hate risk yeah
right and this is the thing so like risk
tolerance
ties to confidence because if we think
about what confidence
is confidence is the ability to face
uncertainty
and the more that you stack the deck in
your favor before you act
june what happens to your confidence
if i stack the deck in my favor and then
i act am i more confident afterward
no probably not the exact opposite it
reinforces my insecurity
because it's not me that did it it's all
of these
other things that made sure that it
worked out ridiculous planning
yes and so like now i'm going to give
you just an analogy for medicine
okay okay so can i share a story about
myself
oh yes okay i love that so like i
finished medical school and then
everyone called me a doctor
but i know this sounds kind of weird but
when you finish medical school like
you're not really a doctor
you know does that make sense like you
just get your md it's like with the day
before medical school you don't have
your md degree and then
you walk down the stage and someone
hands you a piece of paper and then like
magically you're a doctor you're not a
doctor you're just
just like one day you're a fourth year
medical student you're not a
full-fledged doctor sure technically
you're a doctor
but does that make sense that makes
sense
and so like i
i still remember the day that i became a
doctor i was at a wedding
and then someone was like is there a
doctor here and i was like oh [ __ ]
because normally like when you yeah so
like normally like
so then you start residency okay which
is like where you really learn how to be
a doctor
so you go to the hospital and then
you're taking care of patients but you
have like
supervisors who are above you so i'm
there at the hospital i'm taking care of
patients but i have a senior resident i
have an attending physician
so there's a dude with 20 years of
experience there's a dude with three
years of experience there's a dude
he's one year ahead of me and this is my
team i'm the bottom on the totem pole
but there are three people looking over
my shoulder all the time
what we're like butt buddies like the
body system oh
right so they're okay i know where
you're going with this and so then you
want me to finish or you want to
yeah let me finish no no go ahead go
ahead so like here i am at the wedding
and it's like oh crap and i'm like
waiting for someone else to say
you know i'm i'm but there's like it's
bizarre my mom is a doctor
so my mom [ __ ] my mom volunteers me
she's a doctor she's been practicing for
30 years
and then she's like oh yeah like my son
is a doctor i was like
you're like i've been doing this for six
months you've been doing this for 30
years
and then she like points at me like i
still remember she points at me we're in
this big hall with like 400 tables
there's over 400 people like 50 tables
and she points at me
and then i see like people walking over
and i'm like what
and then they're like oh like your mom
said you're a doctor and i was like yes
that is true and then we walk outside of
the hall and there's like this 70 year
old lady who's like
laying down on a couch and i'm like oh
[ __ ] and my mom is there i don't think
she realizes what she had done
and then and then so they're like you
know oh like she's feeling light-headed
this is like like like the bride of the
i mean the grandmother or the bride
and she's like my grandma's like
lightheaded and i'm like oh [ __ ]
is she having a heart attack is she
having a stroke is she
you know so then i'm like okay well
and then like your training kicks in
there's no senior residents no
attendings
and my mom has abandoned me which is you
know
if i ever talk to a psychiatrist on
stream we can talk about that
but and so there i am and it's like okay
so i talked to her you know i'm like
okay what do i do like okay i check her
blood pressure you know ask her a couple
of questions like
i do a neurological exam i'm like okay
blink and then do this and look to the
right and look to the left
swallow smell my fingers i know it
sounds weird but something that you do
um you know try to smell this thing and
like okay like can you can you wiggle
your fingers wiggle your toes
okay you know are you having any chest
pain and then i look at her and she
doesn't seem that
sick right like i know this sounds weird
but like even you june
like you know you see some people
sometimes and you're like that person is
sick
and then other people are like oh like
that person isn't that sick she doesn't
look sick and i'm like yeah it sounds
like maybe you're dehydrated have you
like had any water today
and she's like yeah i had a little bit
and i was like why don't you have some
water i'm gonna sit here with you i
don't think we need to call 9-1-1 yet
but i'm going to sit here with you with
for 15 minutes like i get you some food
get you some water she's feeling better
okay let's like
it's fine no one needs to go to the
hospital
okay and it's like holy [ __ ] i'm a
doctor
you're a doctor and so like where does
that confidence come from
there's no attendings it's just me
and grandmother of the bride and the
problem
is that like you're good at rust right
june
and when you start on a rust server
who's got your back
who's got my back yeah
my teammates okay right
but there are other teams
and so like yeah like like sure your
teammates have your back but like you
know when you go into a game of league
of legends like even it's a team game
it's you right like it's not like it's
not like
you know riot games is like sitting
there like recoding things to make your
hero overpowered
which is exactly what you do in real
life is you try to like
you know open up dev tools
and structure your life so that you
never have to take risks
and then the more that you do that like
the harder it becomes to open up because
you want to avoid that awkwardness
at all costs and like i don't know how
to say this bro but like
if you're never willing to you know make
things awkward
it's gonna be really hard to ask a girl
out
but you have your plan june and you know
what your plan is
your plan is to wait until you're 100
sure that she likes you and she's gonna
say yes
and then you will ask her out
you're going to ask your friends you're
going to ask her friends and you're
going to make sure that everything
i'll never do that okay that would make
things too awkward
but you got to be sure before you take
your shot
and as long as that's the case bro
you're gonna be like stuck at this level
that was a really good uh story because
i think it relates
because like even if you even if you
didn't think you were a doctor at the
time because you were like six months in
and there was like all these other
people that had way more experience than
you you were still a doctor
and then once you're like put into that
position you're able to do it anyways
even though you didn't think you were a
doctor at first yep
so here's the thing june did i think i
was good enough
no but you did it anyways was i good
enough
yes did you get an 86 or did you get a
i got a 95. and what did you think you
deserved
a hundred months ago
see i'm getting close to something you
can deflect with humor if you want to
because here's the thing june you are
good enough you've been good enough
you deserve the 95 then your parents
have loved you since the day you were
born
and those chicks were totally into you
you don't need to be any better than
what you are right now you're
you're golden bro like should you
continue to grow as a human being
absolutely but you're good enough
thank you i think um right now
i am trying to be like opening up more
like i'm like
talking to people more like initiating
more friendships
because i never used to do that honestly
like even last year i didn't really do
that
but then like this year i'm really
trying to do that um
i think in terms of like dating i'm not
i'm not too worried
back then i didn't have a lot of
confidence i think i grew like over the
last five years i did grow
a little bit more confidence i think
right now the only issue is
i'm just not able to even
have the first step where i have a girl
that i like
because i like because i code
basically yeah so if that's the case
like that's why
you know this is this is why we're gonna
have this conversation now and like
hopefully people will get vaccinated
turns out people may need a third
booster
but i think you'll get there but i think
the main thing june is you've got to
stop running away from awkwardness
right and that's where like like like
overcoming awkwardness is not going to
happen as long as you don't know what it
is
and so the next step is going to be like
unpacking what is awkwardness in a given
situation
right so like if you think about someone
who you want to deepen a relationship
with
what are you saying that would make
things awkward and like what is the
awkward is it fear
is it guilt is it shame you know like i
will send you something called the
feelings wheel
and if you have like a friend or
therapist or something like that that
you can work with dude that'd be awesome
uh like we're i'm gonna send you the
feelings we'll like you're gonna just
circle the feelings okay oh it looks
like
someone is fog
okay so let me forward this to you
oh you actually have the feeling wheel
yeah one
one of our how do i
copy image so i will just
okay so yeah can you take a look at that
oh my god
okay this is so big
yes hold on chat let me let me open this
wait there's like there's like a hundred
words here
yes wow this is like beyond my
vocabulary
well yeah so like we're gonna we're
gonna progress
june because that's something you're
good at
right so like this is the feelings wheel
so when we talk about awkward
you know it's gonna be feeling rejected
excluded in that group after you break
up with a girlfriend
feeling inadequate feeling anxious
feeling bitter
feeling humiliated feeling resentful
for your friends for siding with her
instead of fight siding with you
feeling overwhelmed out of control
pressured to ask her out quickly or
be nice or fix your problems
you know you know i i really think
just like just being a streamer
like really made me worse in being
descriptive
because what ends up happening dr k
i don't know if you've already reached
this point
in streaming where you just like say
everything as kw
yeah yeah you know it's it's it's
interesting right because i i think that
like
like you know when i was talking about
how men describe
you know feelings and physical ways
i i think actually one of the things
that's really cool um
is that we do have our own vocabulary
right and it's just not mine right now
is sag
yeah but but so that's the thing right
is if you really look at it like the
reason that there are so many different
icons
is because bad man and sag and pepe han
pepe hands is different from pepe crying
true right pepe with tears in his eyes
is different from pepe crying
and and like there's like feels bad man
and then there's sag and then there's
feels sag
man so it's almost like you could
construct a feeling wheel
with like all of the emotes
and that would work right like
underneath sag
there's feels bad man and then there's
feels sag man
and then there's pepe with tears in his
eyes and then there's pepe crying
like you could do this so i i think it's
it's interesting that you say everything
is cac w i don't think everything is
keck i don't even know what keck w means
but but like you know i i definitely
think we are developing our own
vocabulary
yeah honestly yeah and even like you
know the fish
like i love the fish you know the fish
emote the fish emote you mean um
what was it called which one it's the
one
yeah yeah yeah yeah right so there's
there's ooh
and there's pog and there's pog champ so
like in the pog
wedge of the feeling wheel there's
poggers pog champ
you know i don't know what the other
ones are
yeah it's becoming a real problem
actually like twitch talk
like even even sheesh do you know sheesh
no is that a person or a
thing okay i'll do it once for you okay
are you ready
yeah shush
is that a mating call or what what is it
you know it could be very well be
like a mating call because actually i
have a story from today
i went to the gym and i was done working
out and
i went to the locker room right i was
just showering and then a bunch of dudes
came in right
uh and they were like changing and i
overheard the conversation i may not be
ready for this
no no one guy one guy was like yo i've
been like doing intermittent fasting i
was like
and and the other guy was like oh what
for and then the other guy was like yeah
i'm cutting right now and the other guy
said uh and then i actually had
like i was like in the shower room and i
had like
my first instinct when i heard that was
the sheet with that guy
it's actually becoming a problem wait so
why didn't you though
because it would make things awkward
yeah but that's like actually
go for it june next time i'll i'll shish
with him yes okay
yes you got to put yourself out there
right you you gotta like let that pog
champ within you
out oh my god
right like the the
scared it's okay to be scared
it's okay to be scared but don't let
that stop you
next time i will i will sheesh from the
shower room yeah she
sheesh from the shower that's that's
that's my concrete advice to you at the
end of the conversation
so i don't know what you were planning
on getting from this but what we're
going to end up with is shishing from
the shower room
i'm going to choose from the shower room
next time thank you very much
um any questions june i mean because i i
do feel like we're at sort of like a
good stopping point but i i don't know
if
i don't know how you feel about that or
no i think this is really good
uh honestly i really love talking with
like super intelligent people like you
because i think it gives me
a lot of insight i
like at the beginning of our
conversation
honestly i didn't even know what to say
because i wasn't really sure how to
describe anything
but then i feel like i got a lot of
insight um
yeah gave me a lot of hope so i i
appreciate your positive sentiment and
your
your gratitude for the conversation and
i still feel like i gotta bounce that
back a little bit and
remind you that it takes two to tango
so i know that you appreciate i i just
drive this point home
which is like what is your contribution
to the conversation
because what i'm hearing is you call me
super intelligent and you being ignorant
no no no no no i just no that was not
like uh
okay right because you said but i i just
want to reflect back to you that i enjoy
these conversations too
june and it's because i recognize that
there may be some things that you don't
understand but i think you actually did
an amazing job
because the problem is that like i swim
in these waters all the time
it's my day job whereas like we're
queuing up
right and like this is like i grind
every single day
and like we're queuing up together
and and you're you know you're holding
your own in lane
like that's the way we win
right so i think it's really awesome
like i think this conversation is a good
example
of like you know you putting yourself
out there feeling awkward i'm sure
um and then really like i i'm really
like i'm i think you did a fantastic job
thank you cool
um do you sometimes i teach people how
to meditate
do you oh
i i actually love meditating but i
haven't done it in a while
okay coincidentally ever since i started
rest
like can i tell you a story about like
the first time i tried meditating yes
please
so i think i was like 13
and i was just like laying down in my
bed and then
on my youtube recommendations i got a
this guided meditation thing and this
guy had like a super deep voice and i
was like oh my god
so i like put my earphones on and then i
did this guided meditation thing
and then i was like listening to this
guy's like beautiful voice
and he puts me into like a stance and
then
i literally felt like i was in the
middle of space
it was like super cool but i haven't
been able to replicate it since no
matter how hard i tried
okay so you
you felt this a a sensation of vastness
yeah i was just like floating in like
middle of nothing
yeah it felt like that so cool are you
sitting up or
what right now uh i can i can
i can lay down on my chair let me just
think about how to teach this to you
so this is going to be a little bit more
of a of an
advanced technique but it's actually
relatively simple
your back should be straight and if
you've done this lying down
i think you can try doing it lying down
again
i think this is gonna take practice i
don't know if it's gonna work right now
because i think that you need a certain
degree of like calmness
and i think actually like we're
energized right now is what i'm feeling
june
but i'm happy to share the technique
with you that you can try to practice
okay so um the technique is very simple
and we can kind of try to do it together
so you can lay down if you want to but
i'm going to go ahead and sit up
straight
the main thing for meditation is that
your back needs to be straight
so you can do that laying down standing
up sitting up straight
is there a reason for that yes
um so what it's not there isn't a
scientific reason
um i'm sure there's a scientific reason
i don't know what the scientific reason
is i should say that
but in the sort of eastern systems
of like you know energy and qi and and
all that stuff
the energy of like spiritual growth is
situated along your spine
lives at the base of your spine and as
that energy
rises along the back of your spine you
start to have more spiritual experiences
and spiritual growth
so there's no scientific correlate to
this energy like no one's been able to
find it or detect it
or anything like that but essentially
like
apparently the spine according to these
theories like the people who developed
the practice of meditation
this is what they said is that you want
to facilitate
like it's like a pipe that you know
water flows through and it starts at the
bottom and then it works its way up
does that answer your question and offer
yeah that's okay very interesting
so it's gonna be kind of weird but what
i'm gonna ask you to do it's hard to
demonstrate i'm gonna ask you to close
your eyes
and then there's a point that's sort of
like maybe right above
your the middle of your eyebrows i don't
know if you can kind of tell it's like
not you know it's it's maybe like a
quarter inch or a few centimeters above
the middle or you can kind of find it
for some people it feels a little bit
higher but what i want you to do is
close your eyes
and then i want you to look at that
point
so i know it sounds kind of weird but
and then you're gonna never done
i think that's the first time i've ever
done that in my life
so i want you to you can lay down or sit
up straight and then i want you to just
look at that and just keep focusing on
that point
as if you're trying to like look through
it with your eyes
like imagine that your eyes are behind
your forehead it's hard to describe
because these things are so experiential
but like imagine your eyes are behind
your forehead and you're trying to look
through like that point in your forehead
is like a telescope
and so you're like looking through that
point into something else
does that make sense yep
okay so this may cause some amount of
eye strain
which then you want to relax once it
starts to feel uncomfortable
and then you want to resume again once
your eyes have calmed down
you don't want to push yourself or hold
it for a long period of time
but gradually over time you want to
build up the strength and focusing on
that point
you may also learn that at some point
you can actually relax your
eyes and focus on the point anyway which
is totally fine
does that make sense that makes sense
okay so let's try to practice for like
three or four minutes okay
so you can try to hold it for maybe 10
seconds 15 seconds 30 seconds
relax for a little bit hold again relax
don't strain your eyes too much okay
so let's begin
you
foreign
okay go ahead and relax let your eyes
remain closed
go ahead and take a deep breath in and
exhale slowly
you can go ahead and rub your eyes a
little bit
okay and then go ahead and open them
what what was that like for you jun
i didn't get to the state i was talking
about
but it is really relaxing okay
yeah so you could try practicing this um
did you feel like
dizzy at all no but i did i did see the
i did feel the eye strain are you
talking about yeah sometimes like i'm
like trying so hard to like look
up and then like naturally gradually
goes down
so i have to like do it again yeah so
so it may take a little bit of practice
you know this may not be the right
technique for you
um i i tend to find that
some people will sometimes feel dizzy
and then i know it's not like this is
gonna
probably not gonna make any sense but as
the dizziness kind of like expands
this is a technique that i consistently
hear from people when i teach it
that it gives them the feeling of what i
call vastness
which is that they like that i know it
sounds kind of weird
like you feel dizzy and then it like
kind of like
sounds so bizarre but it kind of like
grows and grows
and then like a lot of people that i
teach this technique will sort of
share that experience with me that's
kind of what i experienced
back then yeah so so one thing i would
say june is that
one of the things that gets in the way
of meditation or experiences in
meditation is seeking experiences in
meditation
so when our mind is calm and tranquil
and we don't have
expectation then it can truly shut off
and
open ourselves up to whatever experience
we can have
the challenge is that if you go into a
practice
seeking something that very expectation
will prevent your mind from relaxing
so i i would say you know just do
meditation without
sort of thinking about that or try to
let go of that expectation
like learn to let go of your goal which
i think is also very healthy for you in
general
[Laughter]
but always finds a way to tie it
together
yeah maybe that's just me looking you
meditate
do i meditate every day
i'm gonna go with no
so i i tend to have much more intensive
periods of meditation
and then i do lots of different kinds of
meditation but i also think that like
where i am in life right now
it is important for me to not meditate
every day and just like let that go
you know you have like a cheat day in
terms of diet or like you'll take a week
off from going to the gym
so i think meditation is sort of the
same way
where i tend to meditate a fair amount
but i let go of the everyday
thing a long time ago where
it's like you know that at this point
feels a little bit artificial to me so
what i will do is like
embark on sprints essentially of
meditation
and then i'll do a particular practice
in depth for a particular amount of time
and then i'll also let my practice wane
do you ever like think about stuff while
meditating or do you try to keep your
mind empty
you can't keep your mind empty your mind
has to
naturally empty and i'm usually
pretty good at not thinking about things
when i meditate but that just comes with
practice
so the way that meditation works june is
you don't
stop thinking about stuff so your body
and mind have a very simple principle
of like tolerance to a constant stimuli
so if i put on my shirt first thing in
the morning or after i shower
i'm gonna feel the shirt on my body
right
and then the sensation of the shirt
stops
does that make sense yeah
and then if i concentrate on feeling the
shirt
i will ign like my mind will stop
feeling
all other things does that make sense
that doesn't make too much sense we're
gonna illustrate it really simply
i want you to do this with your hands
okay now i want you to concentrate on
the sensation of your hands can you feel
your hands
are you wearing a shirt yes
now i want you to concentrate on the
feeling of the shirt
as you focus on the shirt what happens
to the sensation of your hands
uh you forget about him absolutely
right so in the same way our mind has
lots of thoughts
and so what we do in meditation is we
actually start with a focusing technique
like focusing on the breath and when i
put my attention on the breath
the breath knocks out all of the other
thoughts but we're still thinking about
the breath
does that make sense then what happens
is eventually our mind
stop acclimatizes to the sensation of
the breath
and if we're lucky we're left in a no
mind state
wow that sounds awesome okay
i don't know i don't know if i can get
to that point
my mind races all the time sure sounds
like you may not be good enough
i'll try it actually i'll try for a week
there we go
right so it just takes practice june
you'll get there
all minds are capable of it and
sometimes if you like work out
or dance that may actually be like your
avenue because like
you know sometimes when you dance or you
sing or you work out
you're like one with the practice
does that make sense like you lose
yourself in the dancing and all
all you are is like a dancing elemental
like you become an elemental if that
makes sense
yeah like you're no longer june you're
just like someone who is dancing
so that can be a form of meditation yeah
so you
you've done it so you may just be
someone it sounds like you're quite
kinesthetic
by nature kinesthetic meaning being like
you have a good like
sense of your body so what you may
actually want to do is not
sitting down meditation something like
yoga or tai chi may work way
better for you like a very solid like
hata yoga have you ever done like hot
yoga
no i never tried hot yoga so
i would say like hot yoga is like a good
thing for you to try i mean cove it
aside because i don't know
that's probably awful with a mask on but
you know i'd say
in your case just i don't know that you
need to sit and do like a quiet sitting
meditation
practice you may be someone who just
really gets to that clear state of mind
and that feels so good through physical
through a physical focus
as opposed to a breath focus or a mantra
or something like that
[Music]
i might try it there's a lot of things
that i used to
have like used to do that gave me that
satisfaction
that i was talking about but i stopped
doing them
for whatever reason sure so and i think
if i do that more
pick it up again should pick it up again
yeah
cool you want to just tell us june where
we can find you before um we wrap
up for the day uh where you can find me
uh just on twitch usually nowadays
twitch
dot tv slash acetune
um you can follow me on twitter it's
h7une
it's like it's like this middle old
middle middle aged like nice lady
that has they want the one ace dune ah
outdone by the middle-aged knife lady
all right man well thanks a lot i you
know it sounds like it was helpful so
i'm i'm really happy to hear that
and uh good luck to you and you know
thank you very much
i'm rooting for you man there's a part
of me that wants to like
bro you up like a couple weeks and now a
couple of weeks from now and like push
you to
you know ask a girl out but that's not
really inappropriate
i'm gonna be honest with you even if you
ask me next year i'll probably still be
single
i know you say that but that's that's
exactly why i feel like stepping out of
my role is whatever the hell i am on
twitch
and being like one of your bros and be
like come on man
let's do this that's actually awesome to
see on twitch
i think i watched a lot of your
interviews before and i wasn't really
sure how i would react and at first
like you could probably tell i was
really like kind of uncomfortable i
wasn't really sure what to say
but then uh i think i think it clicked
at one point
yeah i certainly felt that way too and
it just you know takes some time man
just takes time practice gotta roll
those dice
june i will roll the dice
awesome if the roll is not perfect
there you go if you want to you know if
you want to get snake and i guess snake
eyes isn't bad but you know two sixes
you just gotta roll the dice like over
and over and over again you'll get there
that's true like a hundred times yeah
good luck man
all right thank you very much dr k
you're very welcome hr take care buddy
bye
all right chat oh man i think you know
like i said it takes some time people
aren't really like you gotta you gotta
find a way
to the emotions however they are